[FEAT] add admission control namespace selector (#84525)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/secured-cluster-services-config.adoc

| `admissionControl.tolerations`
| If the node selector selects tainted nodes, use this parameter to specify a taint toleration key, value, and effect for Admission Control. This parameter is mainly used for infrastructure nodes.

| `admissionControl.namespaceSelector`

> | If admission controller webhook need a specific namespaceSelector, you can specify the corresponding selector here. Use this parameter to override the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| If the admission controller webhook needs a specific `namespaceSelector`, you can specify the corresponding selector here. Use this parameter to override the default, which avoids a few system namespaces.
```

Author: done
